Authors:
	Justin Greenlee
	Adam Hammond

1. Summary:
	Application enables tree-styled view of photos
	and photo editing options.

2. Bugs:

3. Extra Credit:

4. Contributions:

5. Percentages:

6. TODO's:
	JUSTIN:
	1.) Create Menu Strip.
	2.) Create 2 separate panels in Main Window.
	3.) Create Tree View for left panel in Main Window.
	4.) Open "Pictures" directory by default.
	5.) Create ListView for right panel in Main Window.
	6.) Select folder in Tree View to display images at right panel.
	7.) Progress Bar.
	8.) Seperate threads for UI and Loading files from Directory.
	9.) Select Root Folder Menu Option.
	10.) Views: "Small", "Medium", "Detail".
	11.) "About" Dialog Box.
	12.) Double-click to Open Photo in "Edit Photo" Form

	ADAM:
	15.) Create "Edit Photo" Form with button stubs which will be used by the user to actually edit the photos
	16.) Add functionality for user to edit the image brightness in the "Edit Photo" form.
	17.) Add functionality for user to edit the image color in the "Edit Photo" form.
	18.) Add functionality for user to invert the image in the "Edit Photo" form.
	19.) Create a Progress Bar Dialog Box which will display when a photo-editing operation is being performed in the "Edit Photo" form.
	20.) Add functinality for the Progress Bar Dialog Box to display when a photo-editing operation is being performed (i.e. brightness, color, invert), which will display the progress of the current operation and also keep the application RESPONSIVE while the expensive operation is being performed.
	21.) Add functionality for user to click the "Cancel" button in the "Edit Photo" form while an photo-editing operation is being performed and the operation cancels; REVERTING ANY CHANGES made to the active photo.
	22.) Add functionality for the "Edit Photo" form to display the newly transformed image in place of the old image AFTER a photo-editing operation has completed WITHOUT THE USER PRESSING THE CANCEL BUTTON.
	23.) Add functionality for all of the "clickable" controls (i.e. buttons, meters, etc.) to be disabled while a photo-editing operation is being performed (with the exception of the "Cancel" button of coarse).
	24.) Add functionality for user to press the "Save" button and the currently transformed image will OVERWRITE the old image in memory.
	25.) Add functionality to where Alt-F4 or pressing the close button on the "Edit Photo" form will have the same result as if the user had pressed the "Cancel" button on the "Edit Photo" form.
	26.) Add an icon for the application that will appear in the Windows task bar and all windows title bars for all forms.
	
7. Completed TODO'S:
	#1 - JG